docs(security): remove db reference in bruteforce + add logs (#11913)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/configuration_server/bruteforce_configuration.rst

Overview
~~~~~~~~

On most setups Nextcloud will work out of the box without any issues. If you run into a situation where 
logging in or connecting is often very slow for multiple users, the first step is to check your Nextcloud 

> Server logs to see what IP addresses are being detected (you will need  adjust your ``loglevel`` to ``1`` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Server logs to see what IP addresses are being detected (you will need adjust your ``loglevel`` to ``1`` 
```

temporarily to do so).

Look for entries that start with any of the following:

- `Bruteforce attempt from` [...]
- `IP address throttled` [...]
- `IP address blocked` [...]

If all clients appear to be coming from the same IP address and that IP address happens to be your 
proxy, you need to review your ``trusted_proxies`` configuration. 

> If the IP address is a common connection point, such as a multi-user office location, it is possible whitelisting 
> is appropriate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the IP address is a common connection point, such as a multi-user office location, it is possible allow-listing it.
```

Reviewer: at last the later half needs adjusting as it's not a correct sentence :S (mostlikely was me)
